Forked Codepen: https://codepen.io/daniellemathey95-the-encoder/pen/LYEJZzZ?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML creates meaning to an HTML file and makes it more accessible to mobile users and also disabled people

    2. What is HTML used for?
 HTML is used to markup a webpage 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
  An attribute is something that provies value to the HTML and it goes at the beginning of a start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
  An h1 is used for the most important information on the webpage, it should only be used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
  An input tag and a selct tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
  A <HTML> a <head> and a <body>

    7. What is an id?
  An id is an attribute. The id specifies an element in the HTML

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
  You can add an id to any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
  One time

    10. What is a class?
  A class is an attribute. The class specifies the class of an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
  You can add a class to any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
  You can use the same class on multiple elements 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
  Target="blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
  It's used to specify alternative text to an image if someone cannot see it

    15. How do I reference an id?
  #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
  
    17. What is CSS used for?
  To style an HTML page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
  p {

  }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An id is used to specify a specific element and a class can specify more than one. I can use the id="top" when I want it to direct back to the top of the webpage. I can use the class "intro" to specify the introduction portions of my webpage

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
  .class 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
  .human p {

  }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
  The parent child selector selects all the elements that are a direct child of that particular element. It can be useful when using CSS to style the webpage

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
  div.sidebar {

  }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
  It specifies the state of that element, like a hover

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
  space-between

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
  space-around

    27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
  text-transform: 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
  div {
    border: 1px dotted black;
  }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
  *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
  //comment

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
  cd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
  ls 
  
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
  rm is how you remove a file but you should be careful since unlike windows there is no warning and also no way to get it back 

    34. Why should I use version control?
  It is important to use version control when working in groups to keep track of changes made and also potential errors in the code so you can make changes and fix it
   
    35. How often should I commit to github?
  Early and often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
  git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork your Gitflow repo
    2. Add your TL as a collaborator
    3. Clone your repo
    4. Create a branch
    5. Push your branch
    6. Get pull request 
    7. Add your TL as a reviewer on the pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    

   --> 